---
name: Robert W. Hurley
titles: [MD, PhD]
position: Vice Chair of Pain Medicine
image: /images/people/hurley.jpg
director: true
additional_positions:
  - Faculty
---
Robert (Rob) W. Hurley received his bachelor’s degree in Psychology from McGill University in 1992, earned his PhD in Neurobiology in 2000 at the University of Chicago with Donna Hammond and his MD in 2002 at the University of Chicago. His thesis work was supported by the National Institutes of Health (NIDA) and resulted in 9 publications in prestigious journals. He completed his Anesthesiology residency at Johns Hopkins in 2006 resulting in the Merel Harmel MD award for premier clinical Anesthesiology achievement and his Pain Medicine fellowship in 2007. He became an Assistant Professor at Johns Hopkins in 2007 and shortly thereafter was named the Medical Director of the Blaustein Pain Treatment Center. He was recruited to University of Florida as an Associate Professor where he started a new Pain Medicine Division of the Department of Anesthesiology, founded the UF Pain & Spine Center and began the Multidisciplinary Pain Medicine fellowship. While at UF, he received the Teaching excellence award and developed a Medical School curricula dedicated to the education of Comprehensive (Multi-Dimensional) Pain Medicine.

In addition to his teaching accomplishments, he received multiple research and education grants from NIH, AHRQ and industry. In 2014, he was recruited to the Medical College of Wisconsin as a Professor and Vice-Chairman of the Department of Anesthesiology. At MCW, he directs the Division of Pain Medicine that consists of five clinical sections – the outpatient pain at MCW, inpatient pain (including Regional Anesthesiology and Acute Pain Medicine) at MCW, the outpatient Integrated Mental Health at MCW, outpatient pain at the Veteran’s Hospital and the outpatient pediatric pain program at the Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin. His research program is funded by the AHRQ and foundation sources and focuses on clinical trials, biomedical informatics, public health and impact of public policy on the field and practice of Anesthesiology and Pain Medicine. His research program has resulted in >60 peer reviewed articles, >40 book chapters and 3 books. He has a strong belief and directs his programmatic mission to team science and the development of the future clinicians-scientists in the fields of Anesthesiology and Pain Medicine.
